If you want to know something, ask me
Talking behind my back, how can I answer you?
You're really disobedient
How many times have I told you
not to come looking for me?
Wife
you're just a wretch
daring to drug my mother
you're worse than an animal
Yes, extremely vicious
Jiang Yu Yong
I've rejected you time and time again
Don't take an inch and want a mile
I'm not pursuing this for now
Let me tell you,
I will only love one person in this life
Now get out
Get out now
Jian Dao, you'll pay for this
Wife
how did the talk with President Li go?
All good
Today at the signing ceremony
because of my mother, I lost my temper
You've been with Jiang Yu Yong all along, haven't you?
How could that be, wife?
You still want to deceive me?
Wife, I'm sorry
My mistake was being too busy with work
and neglecting your feelings
But I think, wife
you can't judge me like this
Wife, look
you're so fat now
I've never despised you
I've never left you
so how could I do so now?
I love you, wife
Give me another chance
No
I have to stabilize Zhang Wen Xu first
I'll give you one last chance
Wife, I love you
Today isn't convenient
In my past life, I was too soft-hearted
and believed your sweet lies
So I ended up with such a tragic fate
This time
I won't be fooled again